hello my name is Caspian I am an
offworld specialist and we are here in
Chennai I have will distract for the
journalists to test the maximum
capabilities of the new MP 300 pickup so
let's see what MP 300 can do
you
in the track we can test three obstacles
in these ones we can see different
features of the car some obstacles are
by title to see the maximum capabilities
of the car we can now pass by one by one
and then I can explain a little bit how
how they works in this case we have a
mountain with the 30 degrees slope when
we are half of the way up we can see
that the car has a feature which is the
Hill Start Assist
once I release the brake the car holds
three seconds and then before the car
goes I just can
give throttle on the car easy going up
completely safe
now we are going to do the cinder send
so we connect the button and then
basically the car controls the paper by
braking controlling the speed very low
speed so then we can go down perfectly
without any race very safe
in this idea we can test how much
suspension travel the car has when the
car goes over these obstacles some of
the wheels lose contact with the ground
they will start to spin without the
giving instruction to the car the
traction control detects that some
wheels are turning faster that the
opposite one so the car gets stopped in
that moment if we give little gas
we give the order to transfer all the
torque from the width which is spinning
to the one that has a good grip in that
moment the car get out of the obstacle
now in here
weight distribution this obstacle we can
see the weight distribution of the car
the pickup's has more weight at the
front so in this obstacle the car will
fall sooner that for example a
pathfinder
at the same time when the carries with
the two diagonal wheels the car has a
torsion so we can see if the car is
really stiff really strong so now you
can see how tough and smart this pickup
is
what we want to do always with these
trucks is to make easy driving some
capabilities of the car and enjoy the
driving for the journalists which is one
of the important things for for them to
have the experience of the car at the
same time having having fun and see as
much as possible of the of the car